首页页面
首页 Home 投资 Investment白皮书  White Paper矿机Miner 新闻报道 News  用户中心User Center
基于区块链的分布式CDN平台
 A distributed CDN platform based on blockchain technology
ICO即将到来     ICO is coming
早鸟early bird 锁定 lock-in
奖励比例  proportion of award
时间待定 time to be determined
点击参与click to join
早鸟阶段软顶$500000,触发软顶随时可能结束早鸟
whenever it reaches on $500000 in the early bird stage, it will be end.
锁定阶段软顶$1500000,触发软顶随时可能结束锁定
whenever it reaches on $1500000 in the lock stage, it will be end.
独有核心优势，让领先再近一步
The particular core advantage takes the leading position.
让闲置设备运转起来，成为CDN供应商。PC，机顶盒，手机均可成为分享者，并获得回报。
Make the Idle equipment be the CDN distributors. PC, STB and mobile phones can be the shares to get return.
视频、直播、网游等行业将大幅度降低CDN成本
Video, live , online games and other industries will significantly reduce the cost of CDN.
智能合约自动执行、区块链账本公开透明、自动撮合买卖双方、把CDN价格定价权交还给市场
Smart contracts are automatically executed, the blockchain ledgers are open and transparent, buyers and sellers are automatically matched, and the pricing power of the CDN is given back to the market.
超级节点完成智能调度
Super node completes intelligent scheduling
全球化、无限节点
Globalization, infinite nodes
BlockCDN
弱网优化 optimize weak network  10倍提升 10 times improvement
节点数量 the number of nodes
全球无限节点 global infinite nodes
超级节点 super node
价格 price
低于传统CDN90%   90% lower than traditional CDN
公开透明 open and transparent
交易方式 the trading ways
基于区块链based on blockchain 智能合约smart contract 去中心decentralized 自动撮合Automatic match 透明无法作假transparent and no fake
传统CDN    traditional CDN
弱网优化 optimize weak network无none
节点数量 the number of nodes
受限于地域200-500个骨干节点 limited on territorial 200-500 backbone nodes
价格 price价格高 high price 不透明 non-transparent
交易方式  trading ways中心化 centralized后台有作假可能 can fake in the background 不透明 non-transparent
阅读白皮书，开启科技之旅
Read the White Paper to start exploring science and technology
阅读白皮书了解BlockCDN 更多细节
Read the White Paper to know more about BlockCDN
订阅 subscribe
输入你的邮箱地址 email
白皮书下载  download white paper
为节点分享者 all for node sharers
BlockCDN能让网络闲置用户分享他们的闲置上网设备（如：PC、路由、电视盒、Pad、手机等等）作为CDN的数据缓存节点，
为网站提供CDN服务。并在不额外增加投入的情况下，获得不错的收益。The network idle users can share their idle equipment (such as PC, routers, TV boxes, Pad and mobile phones) as data cache nodes to provide CDN service for website by BlockCDN,  and get benefits without extra cost.
Windows矿机下载 download windows miner
 Liunx 矿机下载 download Liunx miner
安卓电视盒矿机下载download Android TV Box miner

项目发展过程和未来规划
Project development and future plan
初始研究Initial research 实验 experiment
获得种子轮融资，项目正式立项
Obtain initial financing, and the project was officially set up
客户端原型发布
Release client prototype
Windows节点客户端内测
Close beta test for Windows node client
 Unix节点客户端内测
Close beta test for Unix node client
 安卓电视机顶盒端内测
Close beta test for Android TV set-top box node client
以太坊创始人vitalik光临指导
Vitalik ,the founder of Ethereum,come to guide the work.
 重庆邮电大学洽谈合作
Cooperate with CQUPT
电子科技大学初步达成合作
achieve an initial intent of cooperation with UESTC
受邀参加上海第四届区块链国际峰会
Invited to join in the 4th Blockchain Summit in Shanghai
ICO开启    ICO launch
分布式CDN功能开发完成, 测试版本上线 accomplish the function development of distributed CDN ,and put test version online

Windows Linux安卓 OSX 智能路由端等挖矿终端上线
Put Windows ,Linux, Android ,OSX,smart routing client and other mining terminals online
BlockCDN 智能合约交易系统上线
Put BlockCDN trading system with smart contract online
挖矿宝发售 sell BlockCDN mining treasures
全球超级节点计划启动 global super-node plan launch

合作伙伴cooperative partners
新闻动态 news
团队介绍team
联系我们contact us

用户中心页面
请输入邮箱 email address
请输入密码 password
忘记密码? forget password?
注册sign up
登录log in


账户余额Account Balances
个人资产personal assets
充值 deposit
提现 withdraw
BCDN兑换 exchange BCDN
兑换码redeem code
ICO锁定 lock ICO
修改密码  change your password
上次登录时间 last login time
退出登录 log out
币种 currency name
可用资产 available balance
冻结资产 frozen capital
总量 total
操作operation
提现 withdraw
充值 deposit
兑换 exchange





